how was that salty have you ever
considered becoming a food critic no not
really
why should money in it I'm just saying
you have a marvelous way with words when
describing food salty so vivid one can
almost taste it
hey I'm just saying as salty and small
it's cheating
anyways I'm making salty to make it
taste good without the salt we'll just
yet of flavors that's the trick
I mean think the basics really get going
soon if we expect to get to Pittsburgh
bar dinner hey when I was in the army I
know a guy from Pittsburgh
except he called it Pittsburgh but he
said all the women there had huge tits
that's absurd
Robert women in Pittsburgh have larger
breasts and say women in New York
disgust will find out
you
[Music]